Let's use our newly created ingredient model.
So just like with recipe we can now define the type for our ingredients array and this will be of type.
Well ingredient aere And of course for those we have to import ingredients.
Let's quickly do with us from.
And now we have to move up one folder so that we are in the app folder and then we have to go into the
shared folder and there it's an ingredient of model file without the file extension.
With that we can now create one first ingredient.
So let's use our Ingredion constructor and we have to pass name and amount here.
So the name could be apples and we want five let's say and then let's also say we want to have some
tomatoes maybe 10.
That is our shopping list for now.
Now we want to output it here in the component so we get our anchor take your which represents a single
item and now you could put this into its own component too.
But since this is going to be such a straightforward easy item I don't see much sense outsourcing it
into its own component though it wouldn't necessarily be bad to do so.
But I also don't see a great advantage.
There also isn't a lot of business logic attached to this.
So I will place energy for on this anchor tag to loop through all the ingredients.
So ingredient of ingredients and now we can output the ingredient data here inside our anchor tag.
So it makes sense to output the ingredient name I believe.
And then maybe in parentheses thereafter and these parentheses here are no angle or some text that is
normal text here I'm outputting inside the parentheses.
I'm going to use string and appellation to also output ingredient amount with dead if we now save this
we already see our shopping list here at the bottom.
The last missing piece and want to add is this shopping list added section here which should display
the input field which then allows us to actually added our items or add new ones at least later in the
course.
It will add this functionality